# Flipckart_E-com_Project
Solution of a business problem to identify which region has maximum sales volume, which type of products are sold the most, how much revenue does the E-Commerce Company and the brands that use its portal.

1. To get familiar with the data
a) Print out the first 10 and the last 10 records of the data.
b) How many rows and columns are present in the dataset? Use any two different methods to extract this information.
c) How many object data types are there?
d) Is there any Boolean data type?
Note: Overall 1 mark will be deducted if incorrect nomenclature of dataframe /incorrect dataset is used as per the guidelines.

2. Eliminating the non-informative columns.
a) Drop the columns product_specifications and description.
b) Which method or function is used to permanently delete the columns mentioned in part (b)? 
Write the code explicitly

 3. Here we summarize the data at brand level.
a) How many unique Brands are there.
b) Note that each brand contains multiple products.
Show the average rating of the products within each Brand

4. Next we study the main categories of the products.
a) Create an appropriate plot to show the count of items ordered for each product_main_category.
Hint: Create a bar chart titled "Product Category type" where product names are on x-axis and counts are on y-axis. Note: Both axis labels, i.e. the names of the product categories and counts must be clearly legible.
b) From the plot identify for which two product_main_category(s) the maximum and the minimum orders were placed.
c) Write code to print out the top 5 product_main_category(s) in descending order?

5. Find the net revenue generated by the E-Commerce company over all orders placed.

6.Calculate the BrandRevenue for each brand and list the top 10 brands having maximum revenue in descending order
Hint: Brand revenue is different from the E-Commerce company revenue. Calculate BrandRevenue for each brand - list the top 10 brands having maximum revenue in descending order

 7. Compare prices for each product.
a) Draw boxplots of retail_price & discount_price.
b) Are there any outliers? (Yes/No)
c) Create a scatterplot of retail_price (x-axis) and discounted_price (y-axis) 

8. Create a new dataframe to include the brand specific information as stated: i. total number of orders placed per brand ii. total retail_price per brand iii. total discount_price per brand, and iv. total BrandRevenue generated per brand. Also, draw a pairplot using these four features. 

9.Compare performance regionwise
a) Draw a lineplot for the monthly Revenue of ECom Company for each region separately.
b) Identify the best and the worst performing months for each region.
